# Growth Hub MLM

## Overview

**Growth Hub MLM** is a multi-level marketing (MLM) platform designed to provide a seamless and user-friendly experience for users looking to purchase packages and track their commissions. This project integrates essential features that encourage user recruitment and sales growth.

## Features

- **User-Friendly Interface**: 
  - Developed an intuitive web interface for easy navigation and usability, allowing users to efficiently purchase packages and track their commissions.

- **Commission Structure**: 
  - Implemented a comprehensive commission structure that rewards users based on the sales generated by their recruited members. This incentivizes users to expand their network and increase overall sales.

- **Referral System**: 
  - Integrated a robust referral system to incentivize user recruitment. Users can invite others to join the platform, enhancing growth and community engagement.

- **Secure Data Management**: 
  - Utilized databases to securely store user information, sales data, and commission details, ensuring data integrity and user privacy.

## Installation

To set up and run the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/jubelahmed/growth_hub_mlm.git
   cd growth_hub_mlm

2. Create a virtual environment:

```bash
    python -m venv venv
```
- Activate the virtual environment:

On Windows:
```bash
venv\Scripts\activate
```
On macOS/Linux:
```bash
Copy code
source venv/bin/activate
```
- Install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
- Set up the database:

Run the migrations to set up the database:
```bash
python manage.py migrate
```

- Load the basic compnay data
```bash
 python manage.py loaddata landingpage_setup.json 
 ```    
- Start the application:

```bash
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000

```

Note: This repository is a continuation of the Growth Hub MLM project.
